v1 release (#280)
developmentseed/scoreboard: CHANGELOG.md

    - role validation helpers
    - API endpoints
  - cli tool for debugging and administration in development
  - Add country geojson for looking up ISO codes and geometries
  - Allow badge creation, deletion, and updates through API routes and Admin interface
  - Support for badges based on the time edits are made and the hashtags they're made with
  - Hashtag-based badges and expired date-specific badges are excluded from "In Progress" display
  - Exclusion list that allows admins to exclude bots from statistics 
  - Integration with [osm-teams](https://github.com/developmentseed/osm-teams) API
  - Support both [tasking manager 2](https://github.com/hotosm/osm-tasking-manager2) and [tasking manager 3](https://github.com/hotosm/tasking-manager)
  - Ability to add multiple tasking managers in the Admin interface

- Scoreboard UI
  - UI updates, with a new responsive design
  - Homepage and logo
  - Coastline metrics
  - Reformatted campaign URLs
  - Country pages
  - Team pages

>   - Teams can assign priorities to campaigns and assign themselves a campaign

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Team admins can assign campaigns to team members and team-specific priorities to campaigns
```
